Where can noun phrases be short composed?
Did /pin/ pronounce -LSB-pn -RSB- rather than as -LSB-pn -RSB- as in most other varieties -RRB-?
Can both standard and nonstandard varieties of English include both formal or informal styles, distinguished by word choice and syntax and use both technical and non-technical registers?
Where are discourse markers also used?
Where do digraphs used to represent phonemes and phoneme sequences include ch for /t/ for //, th for // or //, ng for //, qu for /kw/, and ph?
What does Modern English not allow the addition of the negating adverb not to an ordinary finite lexical verb hence if there is?
Are GA syllabic when following a consonant at the end of a word?
Are english verbs inflected for tense and aspect, and marked for agreement with third person singular subject?
Can English in England be divided into four major dialect regions?
Where were close vowels broken?
Are analytical alternatives to inflectional forms becoming more common?
Are some traits though exceedingly common considered `` non-standard''?
When did many regional international organisations such as the European Free Trade Association set English?
Where does what refer?
Where is stress connected to vowel reduction :?
Did some grammarians wake up in the morning?
Where is British English also undergoing change?
What do accents like Cockney with `` h-dropping'' lack the glottal fricative /h/ with th-stopping and th-fronting like African American Vernacular and Estuary English not have?
Are clusters of nasal and stop only allowed in codas?
When is formation of new words a highly productive process in English and?
Has English grown in worldwide use much more than any constructed language proposed as an international auxiliary language?
Are there systematic spelling differences between British and American English?
Are most count nouns inflected for plural number through the use of the plural suffix -s?
Are some `` long vowels'' often indicated by combinations of letters?
Can mass nouns only be pluralised through the use of a count noun classifier?
Has a large area of Southeastern England adopted traits from Cockney?
When are Low German grouped together?
Did commerce all contribute to English becoming the first truly global language?
Where did some grammarians wake up?
Is stress a combination of duration?
Is cohesion between sentences achieved through the use of deictic pronouns as anaphora?
Are pronouns used to refer to entities deictically or anaphorically?
Can a contracted form of not - n't be used as an enclitic attaching to auxiliary verbs and to the copula verb to be?
Where does Linguist David Crystal estimate that non-native speakers now outnumber native speakers?
Where have some words weak and strong forms?
Where do focus constructions emphasise a particular piece of new or salient information?
Is there variability within RP?
When did most African Americans settle in the inner cities of the North?
Did Old English have case endings in nouns as well?
Has English become pre-eminent?
What does standard English spelling show?
What does English continue to be?
Were a few short inscriptions from the early period of Old English written using a runic script?
Where do many speakers tend to omit the suffix?
Where is an infinitive form used?
Who does middle English literature include?
Did some grammarians run up in the mountains are syntactically equivalent?
Where were Australian settled?
What has English ceased to be?
Does Linguist David Crystal estimate that non-native speakers now outnumber native speakers by a ratio of 3 to 1?
Are some elements of Norse influence that persist in all English varieties today the pronouns beginning with th-?
Does English tend to use a topic-comment structure?
When do adjectives come?
Where are english dialects classified as rhotic or non-rhotic?
Is vowel length phonemic?
Does nip have a noticeably shorter vowel than nib -LSB-np -RSB-?
Are prepositional phrases phrases composed of a preposition and one or more nouns?
What does vowel shortening cause?
What do auxiliary verbs mark?
Were early studies of English vocabulary by lexicographers impeded by a lack of comprehensive data on actual vocabulary in use from good-quality linguistic corpora?
Can new nouns be formed through derivation or compounding?
Are syllable onset and coda optional?
What do all sonorants devoice when following?
Was English adopted in North America?
Are stressed syllables pronounced longer and louder than unstressed syllables?
Where were early studies of English vocabulary by lexicographers impeded?
What have `` outer circle'' countries?
Is Scots today considered a separate language from English?
Are some traits though exceedingly common associated with lower class speakers and identities?
Was a major feature in the early development of Modern English the codification of explicit norms for standard usage?
Where is Middle English often arbitrarily defined?
Does Modern English have case forms in pronouns and a few verb endings?
Are english based creoles spoken in on the Caribbean coasts of Nicaragua and Panama?
Does australian English grammar differ from British English only in few instances?
Can onsets only have four types of consonant clusters : a stop and approximant ; a voiceless fricative and approximant, as in fly or sly ; the consonants that may appear together in onsets or codas and a voiceless stop, as in stay ; and s?
What is one difference?
Did Bargy and Fingallian develop as offshoots from Early Middle English?
When does English belong?
Did Samuel Johnson publish a major feature in the early development of Modern English A Dictionary of the English Language?
Is phonetic variation differences in pronunciation of the phonemes?
Can prepositional phrases be fronted when what are the question's theme, e.g.?
When has English replaced German?
Does Matthew 8:20 say?