hope amelia stevens commonly known by her maiden name hope solo is an american soccer goalkeeper a twotime olympic gold medalist and a world cup gold medalist  XIAOHANLANDREW  Hope Amelia Stevens, commonly known by her maiden name, Hope Solo, is an American soccer goalkeeper, a two-time Olympic gold medalist and a World Cup gold medalist.
hope has been goalkeeping for the united states womens national soccer team since 2000  XIAOHANLANDREW  Hope has been goalkeeping for the United States women's national soccer team since 2000.
after playing at the collegiate level for the university of washington hope played professionally for the philadelphia charge in the womens united soccer association  XIAOHANLANDREW  After playing at the collegiate level for the University of Washington, Hope played professionally for the Philadelphia Charge in the Women's United Soccer Association.
when the wusa folded after her first season hope traveled to europe to play for the top division leagues in sweden and france  XIAOHANLANDREW  When the WUSA folded after her first season, Hope traveled to Europe to play for the top division leagues in Sweden and France.
from 2009 to 2011 hope played in the womens professional soccer for saint louis athletica atlanta beat and magicjack  XIAOHANLANDREW  From 2009 to 2011, Hope played in the Women's Professional Soccer for Saint Louis Athletica, Atlanta Beat and magicJack.
after the wps ceased operations in early 2012 hope played for the seattle sounders in the wleague  XIAOHANLANDREW  After the WPS ceased operations in early 2012, Hope played for the Seattle Sounders in the W-League.
hope currently plays for seattle reign fc in the national womens soccer league the top division of womens soccer in the united states  XIAOHANLANDREW  Hope currently plays for Seattle Reign FC in the National Women's Soccer League, the top division of women's soccer in the United States.
solo is regarded as one of the top female goalkeepers in the world and currently holds the us record for most career clean sheets  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo is regarded as one of the top female goalkeepers in the world and currently holds the U.S. record for most career clean sheets.
solo was the starting goalkeeper for the majority of the 2007 fifa womens world cup and helped lead the us national team to the semifinals having given up only two goals in four games including three consecutive shutouts  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo was the starting goalkeeper for the majority of the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup and helped lead the U.S. national team to the semifinals having given up only two goals in four games, including three consecutive shutouts.
after a controversial move made by head coach greg ryan to bench solo in favor of veteran goalkeeper briana scurry for the semifinal in which the united states was defeated 40 by brazil solo made headlines with postgame remarks that resulted in many teammates shunning her  XIAOHANLANDREW  After a controversial move made by head coach Greg Ryan to bench Solo in favor of veteran goalkeeper Briana Scurry for the semifinal, in which the United States was defeated 40 by Brazil, Solo made headlines with post-game remarks that resulted in many teammates shunning her.
solo later rebounded to help the united states win gold medals at the 2008 and 2012 summer olympics  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo later rebounded to help the United States win gold medals at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics.
during the 2011 fifa womens world cup her exceptional skill was highlighted especially during a quarterfinal match against brazil in which the us defeated brazil in penalty kicks  XIAOHANLANDREW  During the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup, her exceptional skill was highlighted especially during a quarter-final match against Brazil, in which the U.S. defeated Brazil in penalty kicks.
although the team lost to japan in an intensely close match that ended in penalties solo received the golden glove award for best goalkeeper as well as the bronze ball award for her overall performance at the tournament  XIAOHANLANDREW  Although the team lost to Japan in an intensely close match that ended in penalties, Solo received the Golden Glove award for best goalkeeper as well as the Bronze Ball award for her overall performance at the tournament.
following her performance at the 2011 world cup solo participated in the television show dancing with the stars and posed for various magazines most notably the body issue of espn the magazine  XIAOHANLANDREW  Following her performance at the 2011 World Cup, Solo participated in the television show Dancing with the Stars and posed for various magazines, most notably the "Body Issue" of ESPN The Magazine.
after the 2012 london olympics where solo received her second olympic gold medal she published her bestselling autobiography solo a memoir of hope  XIAOHANLANDREW  After the 2012 London Olympics, where Solo received her second Olympic gold medal, she published her best-selling autobiography Solo: A Memoir of Hope.
as of december 17 2015 solo holds several us goalkeeper records including appearances starts wins shutouts wins in a season consecutive minutes played and longest undefeated streak  XIAOHANLANDREW  As of December 17, 2015, Solo holds several U.S. goalkeeper records including appearances, starts, wins, shutouts, wins in a season, consecutive minutes played, and longest undefeated streak.
solo was born in richland washington on july 30 1981 to judy lynn and jeffrey solo  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo was born in Richland, Washington on July 30, 1981 to Judy Lynn and Jeffrey Solo.
her father an italianamerican vietnam war veteran who was in and out of her life as a child and teenager taught her how to play soccer at a young age  XIAOHANLANDREW  Her father, an Italian-American Vietnam War veteran, who was in and out of her life as a child and teenager, taught her how to play soccer at a young age.
when solo was seven her father picked her and her brother marcus up to go to a baseball game in the nearby city of yakima but ended up driving over three hours west to seattle where they stayed for several days at a hotel  XIAOHANLANDREW  When Solo was seven, her father picked her and her brother Marcus up to go to a baseball game in the nearby city of Yakima, but ended up driving over three hours west to Seattle, where they stayed for several days at a hotel.
solo described how it seemed like a vacation at first but soon realized it was not  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo described how it seemed like a vacation at first, but soon realized it was not.
police later found them at a downtown bank and arrested jeffrey for alleged kidnapping  XIAOHANLANDREW  Police later found them at a downtown bank and arrested Jeffrey for alleged kidnapping.
although her parents had divorced when she was six and she lived with her mother solo maintained a close relationship with her father after reconnecting with him during her college years at the university of washington  XIAOHANLANDREW  Although her parents had divorced when she was six and she lived with her mother, Solo maintained a close relationship with her father after re-connecting with him during her college years at the University of Washington.
solo continued to be a major influence in her life until his death of a heart attack in june 2007  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo continued to be a major influence in her life until his death of a heart attack in June 2007.
as a forward at richland high school solo scored 109 goals leading her team to three consecutive league titles from 1996 to 1998 and a state championship during her senior year  XIAOHANLANDREW  As a forward at Richland High School, Solo scored 109 goals, leading her team to three consecutive league titles from 1996 to 1998 and a state championship during her senior year.
solo was twice named a parade all american  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo was twice named a Parade All American.
solo also played club soccer for the three rivers soccer club in the tricities  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo also played club soccer for the Three Rivers Soccer Club in the Tri-Cities.
after being heavily recruited by several colleges around the country solo attended the university of washington from 1999 to 2002 where she majored in speech communications  XIAOHANLANDREW  After being heavily recruited by several colleges around the country, Solo attended the University of Washington from 1999 to 2002 where she majored in speech communications.
with the huskies solo switched permanently to goalkeeper under the lead of head coach lesle gallimore and goalkeeper coach and former national team player amy griffin  XIAOHANLANDREW  With the Huskies, Solo switched permanently to goalkeeper under the lead of head coach Lesle Gallimore and goalkeeper coach and former national team player, Amy Griffin.
solo described the transition in her memoir in high school solo had been the forward who won games  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo described the transition in her memoir, "In high school, Solo had been the forward who won games.
solo was a huge mental adjustment to learn that my job was to save games  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo was a huge mental adjustment to learn that my job was to save games.
to anticipate what was needed  XIAOHANLANDREW  To anticipate what was needed.
before i would stand in goal the ball would come toward me and id use my athletic ability to make the save  XIAOHANLANDREW  Before, I would stand in goal, the ball would come toward me, and I'd use my athletic ability to make the save.
but thanks to amys tutelage and my time with the national team i was becoming a much better tactical goalkeeper  XIAOHANLANDREW  But thanks to Amy's tutelage and my time with the national team, I was becoming a much better tactical goalkeeper.
thanks learned how to read my opponents runs toward goal how to position my defenders how to see the angles  XIAOHANLANDREW  thanks learned how to read my opponents' runs toward goal, how to position my defenders, how to see the angles...
the intellectual side also made goalkeeping so much more interesting  XIAOHANLANDREW  The intellectual side also made goalkeeping so much more interesting.
the wasnt just ninety minutes of waiting for my defense to make a mistake  XIAOHANLANDREW  The wasn't just ninety minutes of waiting for my defense to make a mistake.
the was ninety minutes of tactics and strategy  XIAOHANLANDREW  The was ninety minutes of tactics and strategy.
the personality traits that had been shaped by my childhoodresilience and toughnesswere assets at the position  XIAOHANLANDREW  The personality traits that had been shaped by my childhoodresilience and toughnesswere assets at the position."
solo became the top goalkeeper in pac10 history and finished her collegiate career as washingtons alltime leader in shutouts saves and goals against average  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo became the top goalkeeper in Pac-10 history and finished her collegiate career as Washingtons all-time leader in shutouts, saves and goals against average.
solo was a fourtime allpac10 selection and was named an nscaa allamerican as a sophomore junior and senior  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo was a four-time All-Pac-10 selection and was named an NSCAA All-American as a sophomore, junior and senior.
during her sophomore year solo was named pac10 player of the year becoming the first washingtonian and first goalkeeper ever to receive the award  XIAOHANLANDREW  During her sophomore year, Solo was named Pac-10 Player of the Year becoming the first Washingtonian and first goalkeeper ever to receive the award.
as a senior solo was the only goalkeeper nominated for the hermann trophy  XIAOHANLANDREW  As a senior, Solo was the only goalkeeper nominated for the Hermann Trophy.
following her college career solo was selected in the first round of the 2003 wusa draft by the philadelphia charge  XIAOHANLANDREW  Following her college career, Solo was selected in the first round of the 2003 WUSA Draft by the Philadelphia Charge.
solo spent most of her first professional season on the bench playing in eight games  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo spent most of her first professional season on the bench playing in eight games.
solo started the last three games of the season and earned her first professional shutout against the atlanta beat  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo started the last three games of the season and earned her first professional shutout against the Atlanta Beat.
solo also shut out eventual league champions the washington freedom led by top scorers mia hamm and abby wambach  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo also shut out eventual league champions, the Washington Freedom led by top scorers, Mia Hamm and Abby Wambach.
after the wusa folded following the 2003 season just six days before the 2003 fifa womens world cup solo moved to goteborg sweden in february 2004 to play for kopparbergsgoteborg fc in the swedish premier division the top division of womens soccer in sweden  XIAOHANLANDREW  After the WUSA folded following the 2003 season just six days before the 2003 FIFA Women's World Cup, Solo moved to Goteborg, Sweden in February 2004 to play for Kopparbergs/Goteborg FC in the Swedish Premier Division, the top division of women's soccer in Sweden.
for ten months solo played in two games a week making 19 appearances in goal for goteborg in 2004  XIAOHANLANDREW  For ten months, Solo played in two games a week, making 19 appearances in goal for Goteborg in 2004.
in 2005 solo played for olympique lyonnais in the french first division  XIAOHANLANDREW  In 2005, Solo played for Olympique Lyonnais in the French First Division.
solo made seven appearances for the french club  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo made seven appearances for the French club.
solo said of her experience in europe i played in europe and it was a great experience not just because of my teammates and the coaches we had but from the fans and the city itself  i played in gothenburg and i played in lyon and soccer was everywhere  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo said of her experience in Europe, "I played in Europe and it was a great experience, not just because of my teammates and the coaches we had, but from the fans and the city itself  I played in Gothenburg and I played in Lyon and soccer was everywhere.
at that time in my life solo really jumpstarted my career and really helped me find myself as a person and player  XIAOHANLANDREW  At that time in my life, Solo really jump-started my career and really helped me find myself as a person and player."
on september 16 2008 solo was one of three national team players allocated to the saint louis athletica in the wps as part of the 2008 wps player allocation with the new league slated to begin play in april 2009  XIAOHANLANDREW  On September 16, 2008, Solo was one of three national team players allocated to the Saint Louis Athletica in the WPS as part of the 2008 WPS Player Allocation, with the new league slated to begin play in April 2009.
solo let in six goals in the first four games as athletica got off to a very slow 022 start in their first season  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo let in six goals in the first four games as Athletica got off to a very slow 022 start in their first season.
solo conceded eight goals in her next 13 games and finished the season with eight shutouts helping lead the athletica from the bottom of the standings to finish second place and secure a playoff spot  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo conceded eight goals in her next 13 games and finished the season with eight shutouts, helping lead the Athletica from the bottom of the standings to finish second place and secure a playoff spot.
after the 2009 season solo was named the wps goalkeeper of the year  XIAOHANLANDREW  After the 2009 season, Solo was named the WPS Goalkeeper of the Year.
solo also became the first goalkeeper to be named us soccer female athlete of the year the highest honor awarded to a soccer player in the united states  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo also became the first goalkeeper to be named U.S. Soccer Female Athlete of the Year, the highest honor awarded to a soccer player in the United States.
in may 2010 the saint louis athletica folded and solo signed with wps expansion team atlanta beat along with her st louis teammates tina ellertson and eniola aluko  XIAOHANLANDREW  In May 2010, the Saint Louis Athletica folded and Solo signed with WPS expansion team, Atlanta Beat, along with her St. Louis teammates, Tina Ellertson and Eniola Aluko.
as her previous jersey number was taken the wore 78 for the beat  XIAOHANLANDREW  As her previous jersey number was taken, the wore 78 for the Beat.
solos comments on social networking website twitter led to two separate controversies after she accused boston breakers supporters of offensive chanting and racist remarks toward a teammate then questioned the integrity of match officials and the league itself following the beats 10 defeat to washington freedom  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo's comments on social networking website Twitter led to two separate controversies after she accused Boston Breakers supporters of offensive chanting and racist remarks toward a teammate, then questioned the integrity of match officials and the league itself following the Beat's 10 defeat to Washington Freedom.
the second outburst resulted in a 2500 fine and onegame suspension  XIAOHANLANDREW  The second outburst resulted in a $2,500 fine and one-game suspension.
solo played in 22 wps matches in 2010 for both the athletica and the beat and was the leagueleader in saves with 104  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo played in 22 WPS matches in 2010 for both the Athletica and the Beat and was the league-leader in saves with 104.
the twotime wps allstar also ranked among the top three in shutouts wins and goals against average  XIAOHANLANDREW  The two-time WPS All-Star also ranked among the top three in shutouts, wins, and goals against average.
after the end of the 2010 season solo underwent surgery on her right shoulder on september 22  XIAOHANLANDREW  After the end of the 2010 season, Solo underwent surgery on her right shoulder on September 22.
these next two years are huge for the national team with the world cup and olympics on the horizon and i wanted to make sure that i would be giving my team and my country my best on the field solo said of the surgery  XIAOHANLANDREW  "These next two years are huge for the national team with the World Cup and Olympics on the horizon and I wanted to make sure that I would be giving my team and my country my best on the field," Solo said of the surgery.
ive been having some painful issues with the shoulder for a while and for a goalkeeper its been difficult physically and mentally to play with this kind of an injury so it was time to get it taken care of  XIAOHANLANDREW  "I've been having some painful issues with the shoulder for a while and for a goalkeeper it's been difficult physically and mentally to play with this kind of an injury, so it was time to get it taken care of."
ahead of the 2011 womens professional soccer season solo signed for magicjack formerly the washington freedom under new ownership  XIAOHANLANDREW  Ahead of the 2011 Women's Professional Soccer season, Solo signed for magicJack, formerly the Washington Freedom under new ownership.
between her shoulder surgery recovery national team commitments and preparation for the 2011 fifa womens world cup solo missed a significant part of the season  XIAOHANLANDREW  Between her shoulder surgery recovery, national team commitments and preparation for the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup, Solo missed a significant part of the season.
solo made four appearances for the club tallying a total of 360 minutes  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo made four appearances for the club, tallying a total of 360 minutes.
after the season ended the club lost its franchise on october 25 2011  XIAOHANLANDREW  After the season ended, the club lost its franchise on October 25, 2011.
the league later suspended operations in early 2012 because of legal and financial difficulties  XIAOHANLANDREW  The league later suspended operations in early 2012 because of legal and financial difficulties.
on february 14 2012 the was announced that solo had signed with the seattle sounders women  XIAOHANLANDREW  On February 14, 2012, The was announced that Solo had signed with the Seattle Sounders Women.
joining the club the same year were national teammates alex morgan megan rapinoe and sydney leroux  XIAOHANLANDREW  Joining the club the same year were national teammates Alex Morgan, Megan Rapinoe, and Sydney Leroux.
sounders women general manager amy carnell said of the signing hope is undoubtedly the best womens keeper in the game today  XIAOHANLANDREW  Sounders Women general manager, Amy Carnell, said of the signing, "Hope is undoubtedly the best women's keeper in the game today.
her signing represents the caliber player sounders womens fans can expect in 2012  XIAOHANLANDREW  Her signing represents the caliber player Sounders Women's fans can expect in 2012.
as the landscape of womens soccer continues to evolve her realize the unique opportunity before us  XIAOHANLANDREW  As the landscape of women's soccer continues to evolve, Her realize the unique opportunity before us."
because of national team commitments and preparation for the 2012 summer olympics solo made three appearances for the club tallying a total of 261 minutes  XIAOHANLANDREW  Because of national team commitments and preparation for the 2012 Summer Olympics, Solo made three appearances for the club, tallying a total of 261 minutes.
her goals against average was 0344 solo made five saves and had one shutout  XIAOHANLANDREW  Her goals against average was 0.344, Solo made five saves and had one shutout.
with the addition of solo and her national team teammates the sounders sold out nine of their ten home matches at starfire stadium  XIAOHANLANDREW  With the addition of Solo and her national team teammates, the Sounders sold out nine of their ten home matches at Starfire Stadium.
the average attendance during league matches was four times higher than the second most attended team in the league  XIAOHANLANDREW  The average attendance during league matches was four times higher than the second most attended team in the league.
on january 19 2013 the was announced that solo was one of three members from the united states national team along with megan rapinoe and amy rodriguez allocated to the seattle reign fc for the inaugural season of the national womens soccer league as part of the nwsl player allocation  XIAOHANLANDREW  On January 19, 2013 The was announced that Solo was one of three members from the United States national team, along with Megan Rapinoe and Amy Rodriguez, allocated to the Seattle Reign FC for the inaugural season of the National Women's Soccer League, as part of the NWSL Player Allocation.
two months later the was reported that she was undergoing wrist surgery and would miss about half the season because of recovery  XIAOHANLANDREW  Two months later, The was reported that she was undergoing wrist surgery and would miss about half the season because of recovery.
joining news that amy rodriguez would be out for the season because of pregnancy and megan rapinoe would be returning midseason after a sixmonth stint for olympique lyonnais the reign faced a tough first half of the season and went 091 in their first ten games  XIAOHANLANDREW  Joining news that Amy Rodriguez would be out for the season because of pregnancy and Megan Rapinoe would be returning mid-season after a six-month stint for Olympique Lyonnais, the Reign faced a tough first half of the season and went 091 in their first ten games.
with the return of solo rapinoe and some additional lineup changes made during the early summer the reign turned their regular season record around and finished the season in seventh place with a 5143 record  XIAOHANLANDREW  With the return of Solo, Rapinoe, and some additional lineup changes made during the early summer, the Reign turned their regular season record around and finished the season in seventh place with a 5143 record.
solo started in all 14 matches in which she played with a 1357 goals against average  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo started in all 14 matches in which she played with a 1.357 goals against average.
solo made 81 saves and tallied 1260 minutes in goal  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo made 81 saves and tallied 1,260 minutes in goal.
in october 2013 solo was linked with a transfer to english club manchester city  XIAOHANLANDREW  In October 2013 Solo was linked with a transfer to English club Manchester City.
despite the relatively high salary reportedly offered by manchester reign fc coach laura harvey expected solo to return to the nwsl for 2014 to safeguard her place in the national team  XIAOHANLANDREW  Despite the relatively high salary reportedly offered by Manchester, Reign FC coach Laura Harvey expected Solo to return to the NWSL for 2014, to safeguard her place in the national team.
solo returned to the reign for the 2014 season  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo returned to the Reign for the 2014 season.
the team set a league record unbeaten streak of 16 games during the first part of the season  XIAOHANLANDREW  The team set a league record unbeaten streak of 16 games during the first part of the season.
during the 16 game stretch the reign compiled a 1303 record  XIAOHANLANDREW  During the 16 game stretch, the Reign compiled a 13-0-3 record.
the reign finished first in the regular season clinching the nwsl shield for the first time  XIAOHANLANDREW  The Reign finished first in the regular season clinching the NWSL Shield for the first time.
after defeating the washington spirit 21 in the playoff semifinals the reign were defeated 21 by fc kansas city during the championship final  XIAOHANLANDREW  After defeating the Washington Spirit 2-1 in the playoff semi-finals, the Reign were defeated 2-1 by FC Kansas City during the championship final.
following the regular season solo and reign defenders lauren barnes and stephanie cox were named to the second xi team  XIAOHANLANDREW  Following the regular season, Solo and Reign defenders Lauren Barnes and Stephanie Cox were named to the Second XI team.
solo finished the 2014 season with 65 saves in 20 games played and a 900 goals against average  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo finished the 2014 season with 65 saves in 20 games played and a .900 goals against average.
solo played for us junior national soccer teams before joining the senior us national team in 2000  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo played for U.S. junior national soccer teams before joining the senior U.S. national team in 2000.
her senior debut came in an 80 win over iceland at davidson north carolina in april 2000  XIAOHANLANDREW  Her senior debut came in an 80 win over Iceland at Davidson, North Carolina in April 2000.
in 2004 solo joined the national team at the 2004 summer olympics in athens as an alternate behind primary goalkeeper brianna scurry and backup kristin luckenbill  XIAOHANLANDREW  In 2004, Solo joined the national team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens as an alternate behind primary goalkeeper Brianna Scurry and backup Kristin Luckenbill.
solo has been the teams first choice goalkeeper since 2005  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo has been the team's first choice goalkeeper since 2005.
solo holds the national team record for longest undefeated streak as a goalkeeper with 55 games from march 7 2002 to july 16 2008  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo holds the national team record for longest undefeated streak as a goalkeeper with 55 games from March 7, 2002 to July 16, 2008.
solo was the starting goalkeeper for the united states in the 2007 fifa womens world cup giving up two goals in four games including consecutive shutouts of sweden nigeria and england  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo was the starting goalkeeper for the United States in the 2007 FIFA Women's World Cup, giving up two goals in four games including consecutive shutouts of Sweden, Nigeria and England.
heading into the semifinal match against brazil us coach greg ryan benched solo in favor of 36yearold veteran us keeper briana scurry who had a strong history of performance against the brazilians but had not played a complete game in three months  XIAOHANLANDREW  Heading into the semifinal match against Brazil, U.S. coach Greg Ryan benched Solo in favor of 36-year-old veteran U.S. keeper Briana Scurry, who had a strong history of performance against the Brazilians but had not played a complete game in three months.
the us lost to brazil 40 ending a 51game undefeated streak while playing much of the match with only 10 players after midfielder shannon boxx was sent off after receiving two yellow cards in the first half  XIAOHANLANDREW  The U.S. lost to Brazil 40, ending a 51game undefeated streak, while playing much of the match with only 10 players after midfielder Shannon Boxx was sent off after receiving two yellow cards in the first half.
in an impromptu interview following the match a clearly upset solo criticized ryans decision  XIAOHANLANDREW  In an impromptu interview following the match, a clearly upset Solo criticized Ryan's decision.
it was the wrong decision and i think anybody that knows anything about the game knows that  XIAOHANLANDREW  "It was the wrong decision, and I think anybody that knows anything about the game knows that.
theres no doubt in my mind i would have made those saves  XIAOHANLANDREW  There's no doubt in my mind I would have made those saves.
and the fact of the matter is its not 2004 anymore  XIAOHANLANDREW  And the fact of the matter is it's not 2004 anymore.
its not 2004  XIAOHANLANDREW  It's not 2004.
and its 2007 and i think you have to live in the present  XIAOHANLANDREW  And it's 2007, and I think you have to live in the present.
and the cant live by big names  XIAOHANLANDREW  And the can't live by big names.
the cant live in the past  XIAOHANLANDREW  the can't live in the past.
the doesnt matter what somebody did in an olympic gold medal game in the olympics three years ago  XIAOHANLANDREW  the doesn't matter what somebody did in an Olympic gold medal game in the Olympics three years ago.
now is what matters and thats what i think  XIAOHANLANDREW  Now is what matters, and that's what I think."
many viewed her comments as being critical of scurrys performance although solo released an apologetic statement the following day saying that was not her intent  XIAOHANLANDREW  Many viewed her comments as being critical of Scurry's performance, although Solo released an apologetic statement the following day saying that was not her intent.
on september 29 2007 coach greg ryan announced that solo would not be with the team and would not play in the thirdplace match against norway the following day  XIAOHANLANDREW  On September 29, 2007, coach Greg Ryan announced that Solo would not be with the team and would not play in the third-place match against Norway the following day.
team captain kristine lilly stated that the decision on solo was made by the team as a group  XIAOHANLANDREW  Team captain Kristine Lilly stated that the decision on Solo was made by the team as a group.
the us went on to win against norway 41  XIAOHANLANDREW  The U.S. went on to win against Norway 41.
solo was named to the us womens national soccer team roster for the postworld cup tour but did not attend the first workout ahead of the first game against mexico  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo was named to the U.S. women's national soccer team roster for the post-World Cup tour, but did not attend the first workout ahead of the first game against Mexico.
even though the players contract with the federation stipulated that anyone on the world cup roster had the right to play in the tour solo did not play in any of the three games against mexico being replaced by briana scurry for the first and third matches and nicole barnhart for the second  XIAOHANLANDREW  Even though the players' contract with the federation stipulated that anyone on the World Cup roster had the right to play in the tour, Solo did not play in any of the three games against Mexico, being replaced by Briana Scurry for the first and third matches, and Nicole Barnhart for the second.
the third match against mexico on october 20 2007 marked the end of the us womens national teams 2007 season  XIAOHANLANDREW  The third match against Mexico, on October 20, 2007, marked the end of the U.S. women's national team's 2007 season.
the team regrouped in january 2008 to begin preparations for the 2008 summer olympics  XIAOHANLANDREW  The team regrouped in January 2008 to begin preparations for the 2008 Summer Olympics.
ryan left the team after his contract was not renewed in december 2007  XIAOHANLANDREW  Ryan left the team after his contract was not renewed in December 2007.
on june 23 2008 ryan was announced solo would be the starting goalkeeper for the us team at the 2008 summer olympics in beijing  XIAOHANLANDREW  On June 23, 2008, Ryan was announced Solo would be the starting goalkeeper for the U.S. team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
in a reversal of roles from the 2004 olympics briana scurry did not make the team though she was an alternate  XIAOHANLANDREW  In a reversal of roles from the 2004 Olympics, Briana Scurry did not make the team, though she was an alternate.
on august 21 the us womens team won the gold medal by defeating brazil 10 in extra time in no small measure due to solos performance as she stopped an energetic brazilian attack making save after save  XIAOHANLANDREW  On August 21, the U.S. women's team won the gold medal by defeating Brazil 10 in extra time, in no small measure due to Solo's performance as she stopped an energetic Brazilian attack, making save after save.
after the team won gold solo appeared on nbc today show and she stated in a 2012 article appearing in espn the magazine that she was drunk while on air  XIAOHANLANDREW  After the team won gold, Solo appeared on NBC Today Show, and she stated in a 2012 article appearing in ESPN The Magazine that she was drunk while on air.
when the were done partying we got out of our dresses got back into our stadium coats and at 7 am with no sleep went on the today show drunk  XIAOHANLANDREW  "When the were done partying, we got out of our dresses, got back into our stadium coats and, at 7 a.m. with no sleep, went on the Today show drunk."
despite missing much of the qualifying campaign with a shoulder injury solo was named to the us roster for the 2011 fifa womens world cup in germany  XIAOHANLANDREW  Despite missing much of the qualifying campaign with a shoulder injury, Solo was named to the U.S. roster for the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup in Germany.
after keeping clean sheets in group c wins over north korea and colombia solo conceded two goals in the 21 loss to sweden which consigned the americans to second place in the group and a quarterfinal meeting with brazil  XIAOHANLANDREW  After keeping clean sheets in group C wins over North Korea and Colombia, Solo conceded two goals in the 21 loss to Sweden which consigned the Americans to second place in the group and a quarterfinal meeting with Brazil.
the quarterfinal match between the us and brazil was sent into a penalty shootout after us forward abby wambach tied the game at 22 in stoppage time at the end of extratime  XIAOHANLANDREW  The quarterfinal match between the U.S. and Brazil was sent into a penalty shoot-out after U.S. forward Abby Wambach tied the game at 22 in stoppage time at the end of extra-time.
solo saved the third brazil penalty kick by daiane helping the us secure a semifinal spot against france  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo saved the third Brazil penalty kick by Daiane, helping the U.S. secure a semifinal spot against France.
after the quarterfinal victory solo commented on the performance and spirit of the us players during the match even when we were a player down and a goal behind in extra time solo sensed that something was going to happen and added that the team kept fighting  XIAOHANLANDREW  After the quarterfinal victory, Solo commented on the performance and spirit of the U.S. players during the match, "Even when we were a player down and a goal behind in extra time, Solo sensed that something was going to happen", and added that "[the] team kept fighting.
solo cant teach that  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo can't teach that.
its a feeling  and we play with that feeling  XIAOHANLANDREW  It's a feeling  and we play with that feeling."
solo became the twentyseventh american woman and second goalkeeper to reach 100 caps with her start in the 31 semifinal win over france  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo became the twenty-seventh American woman and second goalkeeper to reach 100 caps with her start in the 31 semifinal win over France.
talking to the media after the match solo reflected upon the tournament so far it was a hardfought road  it hasnt been easy but this is where we expected to be  XIAOHANLANDREW  Talking to the media after the match, Solo reflected upon the tournament so far, "It was a hard-fought road [...] It hasn't been easy, but this is where we expected to be.
we came this far solo better go all the way  XIAOHANLANDREW  We came this far, Solo better go all the way."
in the final the us team lost 31 in a penalty shootout to japan after twice taking the lead in an eventual 22 draw  XIAOHANLANDREW  In the final, the U.S. team lost 31 in a penalty shootout to Japan, after twice taking the lead in an eventual 22 draw.
solo expressed admiration for the japanese team and offered her congratulations  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo expressed admiration for the Japanese team and offered her congratulations.
solo won the golden glove award for best goalkeeper and the bronze ball award for her overall performance  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo won the "Golden Glove" award for best goalkeeper, and the "Bronze Ball" award for her overall performance.
solo was also featured in the allstar team of the tournament  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo was also featured in the "All-star" team of the tournament.
leading up to the summer olympics solo received a public warning from the us antidoping agency after a june 15 urine test concluded the banned substance canrenone had been detected  XIAOHANLANDREW  Leading up to the Summer Olympics, Solo received a public warning from the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency after a June 15 urine test concluded the banned substance Canrenone had been detected.
solo said in a statement she had been prescribed a premenstrual medication and was not aware it contained any banned substances  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo said in a statement she had been prescribed a pre-menstrual medication and was not aware it contained any banned substances.
solo cooperated with the usada and provided them with the necessary information to prove that it was a mistake  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo cooperated with the USADA and provided them with the necessary information to prove that it was a mistake.
her story checked out and she was cleared with a public warning  XIAOHANLANDREW  Her story checked out and she was cleared with a public warning.
the positive test did not require solo to withdraw from any preolympic matches  XIAOHANLANDREW  The positive test did not require Solo to withdraw from any pre-Olympic matches.
in a 42 defeat of france in the opening match france took an early 20 lead in 15 minutes  XIAOHANLANDREW  In a 42 defeat of France in the opening match, France took an early 20 lead in 15 minutes.
after abby wambach reduced the lead to 21 with a 19thminute header off a megan rapinoe corner kick solo assisted alex morgan at the 32nd minute to score and level the match at 22 she took a freekick sending the ball to morgan who kicked the ball after a bounce over goalkeeper sarah bouhaddi into the goal  XIAOHANLANDREW  After Abby Wambach reduced the lead to 21 with a 19th-minute header off a Megan Rapinoe corner kick, Solo assisted Alex Morgan at the 32nd minute to score and level the match at 22; she took a free-kick sending the ball to Morgan who kicked the ball after a bounce, over goalkeeper Sarah Bouhaddi into the goal.
on august 9 solo won her second olympic gold medal with the united states womens national soccer team  XIAOHANLANDREW  On August 9, Solo won her second Olympic gold medal with the United States women's national soccer team.
in a 21 defeat of japan in the final match solo made many saves including an 82nd minute save of a powerful shot from mana iwabuchi which could have tied the match  XIAOHANLANDREW  In a 21 defeat of Japan in the final match, Solo made many saves, including an 82nd minute save of a powerful shot from Mana Iwabuchi, which could have tied the match.
solo kept three clean sheets two in groupstage against colombia with 30 and korea dpr with 10 and a 20 win against new zealand in the quarterfinal  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo kept three clean sheets, two in group-stage against Colombia with 30 and Korea DPR with 10, and a 20 win against New Zealand in the quarter-final.
solo conceded 6 goals 3 in the aforementioned matches against france and japan  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo conceded 6 goals, 3 in the aforementioned matches against France and Japan.
three goals were conceded to christine sinclair in the semifinal a thrilling and controversial 43 extratime lastminute win against canada  XIAOHANLANDREW  Three goals were conceded to Christine Sinclair in the semi-final, a thrilling and controversial 43 extra-time last-minute win against Canada.
along with defenders christie rampone and kelley ohara solo was one of three players on the united states team who played all 570 minutes during the teams six matches  XIAOHANLANDREW  Along with defenders Christie Rampone and Kelley O'Hara, Solo was one of three players on the United States team who played all 570 minutes during the team's six matches.
in march 2013 solo underwent surgery to repair a longstanding injury in her left wrist and did not play for approximately three months  XIAOHANLANDREW  In March 2013, Solo underwent surgery to repair a long-standing injury in her left wrist and did not play for approximately three months.
solo returned to the national team in june  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo returned to the national team in June.
the team finished 2013 undefeated with a 1303 record  XIAOHANLANDREW  The team finished 2013 undefeated with a 13-0-3 record.
on june 14 2014 solo tied the us record for career shutouts with 71 after the team defeated france 10 during a friendly match in tampa florida  XIAOHANLANDREW  On June 14, 2014, Solo tied the U.S. record for career shutouts with 71 after the team defeated France 10 during a friendly match in Tampa, Florida.
the record was previously set by retired goalkeeper brianna scurry  XIAOHANLANDREW  The record was previously set by retired goalkeeper, Brianna Scurry.
a few months later on september 13 the set a new record with her 72nd shutout in a friendly match against mexico that resulted in a 80 win for the united states  XIAOHANLANDREW  A few months later on September 13, The set a new record with her 72nd shutout in a friendly match against Mexico that resulted in a 80 win for the United States.
on january 21 2015 solo was suspended by the national team for thirty days  XIAOHANLANDREW  On January 21, 2015, Solo was suspended by the national team for thirty days.
in april 2015 solo was named to the us roster for the 2015 fifa womens world cup in canada by head coach jill ellis  XIAOHANLANDREW  In April 2015, Solo was named to the U.S. roster for the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup in Canada by head coach Jill Ellis.
solo started and played all possible minutes in all seven of the us matches  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo started and played all possible minutes in all seven of the U.S.' matches.
after giving up a goal in the 27th minute of the teams first group stage match against australia solo kept a clean sheet for five games until the 27th minute of the final game against japan  XIAOHANLANDREW  After giving up a goal in the 27th minute of the team's first group stage match against Australia, Solo kept a clean sheet for five games until the 27th minute of the final game against Japan.
this led to a 540minute shutout streak the second longest in tournament history with solo only allowing three goals throughout the tournament  XIAOHANLANDREW  This led to a 540minute shutout streak, the second longest in tournament history, with Solo only allowing three goals throughout the tournament.
solo ended the tournament with 177 international caps and received the golden glove trophy as the best goalkeeper  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo ended the tournament with 177 international caps and received the Golden Glove trophy as the best goalkeeper.
solo is married to former american football player jerramy stevens  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo is married to former American football player Jerramy Stevens.
solo have been together since midaugust 2012 when solo returned from the olympics  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo have been together since mid-August 2012 when Solo returned from the Olympics.
on november 12 2012 stevens was arrested on investigation of assault following an altercation that left solo injured  XIAOHANLANDREW  On November 12, 2012, Stevens was arrested on investigation of assault following an altercation that left Solo injured.
the following day stevens was released after a judge determined there was not enough evidence to hold him  XIAOHANLANDREW  The following day, Stevens was released after a judge determined there was not enough evidence to hold him.
the pair were wed the next day november 13 2012  XIAOHANLANDREW  The pair were wed the next day, November 13, 2012.
on june 21 2014 solo was arrested and charged with two misdemeanor counts of assault in the fourth degree one against her halfsister and the other against her nephew  XIAOHANLANDREW  On June 21, 2014, Solo was arrested and charged with two misdemeanor counts of assault in the fourth degree; one against her half-sister and the other against her nephew.
solo was booked under her married name of hope amelia stevens  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo was booked under her married name of Hope Amelia Stevens.
after pleading not guilty solo was released the following day  XIAOHANLANDREW  After pleading not guilty, Solo was released the following day.
in august her trial was scheduled for november 4 2014 but this was later delayed until january 20 2015  XIAOHANLANDREW  In August, her trial was scheduled for November 4, 2014, but this was later delayed until January 20, 2015.
on december 30 2014 the judge ordered more depositions from the defendants and delayed a decision on whether charges against solo would be dropped until january 6 2015  XIAOHANLANDREW  On December 30, 2014, the judge ordered more depositions from the defendants and delayed a decision on whether charges against Solo would be dropped until January 6, 2015.
following her arrest solo sat out one game for the reign and the nwsl allowed her to continue playing soccer through the end of the 2014 season  XIAOHANLANDREW  Following her arrest, Solo sat out one game for the Reign and the NWSL allowed her to continue playing soccer through the end of the 2014 season.
there was some debate in the media about whether this exemplified a double standard in professional american sports after pro football players ray rice and adrian peterson were recently suspended by the national football league after rice was shown in a previously undisclosed video assaulting his wife in a hotel elevator and peterson was indicted by a grand jury on a felony charge of child abuse  XIAOHANLANDREW  There was some debate in the media about whether this exemplified a double standard in professional American sports after pro football players Ray Rice and Adrian Peterson were recently suspended by the National Football League after Rice was shown in a previously undisclosed video assaulting his wife in a hotel elevator and Peterson was indicted by a grand jury on a felony charge of child abuse.
senator richard blumenthal sent out a sternly worded letter to us soccer president sunil gulati admonishing the organization for allowing solo to remain on the world cup roster following her arrest and accused them of inadequately addressing the charges of domestic violence  XIAOHANLANDREW  Senator Richard Blumenthal sent out a sternly worded letter to U.S. Soccer president Sunil Gulati admonishing the organization for allowing Solo to remain on the World Cup roster following her arrest and accused them of inadequately addressing the charges of domestic violence.
on january 13 2015 the judge dismissed the charges against solo based on a lack of cooperation from both alleged victims  XIAOHANLANDREW  On January 13, 2015, the judge dismissed the charges against Solo based on a lack of cooperation from both alleged victims.
solo claimed she was defending herself from an attack by her nephew who is 69 tall  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo claimed she was defending herself from an attack by her nephew, who is 6'9" tall.
however prosecutors have filed an appeal with the superior court of washington  XIAOHANLANDREW  However, prosecutors have filed an appeal with the Superior Court of Washington.
prosecutors are scheduled to file their argument by july 13 2015 with the defense due to respond by august 10 2015  XIAOHANLANDREW  Prosecutors are scheduled to file their argument by July 13, 2015, with the defense due to respond by August 10, 2015.
oral arguments were then scheduled for september 11 2015  XIAOHANLANDREW  Oral arguments were then scheduled for September 11, 2015.
solo has signed endorsement deals with seiko simple skincare nike blackberry ubisoft electronic arts and gatorade  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo has signed endorsement deals with Seiko, Simple Skincare, Nike, BlackBerry, Ubisoft, Electronic Arts, and Gatorade.
in july 2011 solo signed a oneyear endorsement deal with bank of america  XIAOHANLANDREW  In July 2011, Solo signed a one-year endorsement deal with Bank of America.
in september 2011 solo starred in an ea sports television commercial along with professional basketball player steve nash promoting fifa 12  XIAOHANLANDREW  In September 2011, Solo starred in an EA Sports television commercial along with professional basketball player Steve Nash, promoting FIFA 12.
in the same month solo costarred with national teammate alex morgan in a television commercial promoting espns sportscenter  XIAOHANLANDREW  In the same month, Solo co-starred with national teammate Alex Morgan in a television commercial promoting ESPN's SportsCenter.
in 2014 solo was featured in a promotional piece for western union  XIAOHANLANDREW  In 2014, Solo was featured in a promotional piece for Western Union.
solo signed with lx ventures inc and mobio as a social media influencer in march 2014  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo signed with LX Ventures, Inc. and Mobio as a "social media influencer" in March 2014.
solo is a representative of the womens sports foundation an organization founded by billie jean king that is dedicated to advancing the lives of girls and women through sports and physical activity  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo is a representative of the Women's Sports Foundation, an organization founded by Billie Jean King that is dedicated to "advancing the lives of girls and women through sports and physical activity."
solo has donated her time and money to the boys and girls club and made appearances at numerous charity events  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo has donated her time and money to the Boys and Girls Club and made appearances at numerous charity events.
in august 2011 solo joined teammates alex morgan and abby wambach in a bank of america charitable campaign at the chicago marathon  XIAOHANLANDREW  In August 2011, Solo joined teammates Alex Morgan and Abby Wambach in a Bank of America charitable campaign at the Chicago Marathon.
500000 was donated to seattle humane society on her behalf  XIAOHANLANDREW  $5,000.00 was donated to Seattle Humane Society on her behalf.
in 2012 solo was one of 15 professional athletes including shaun phillips tim lincecum ray rice and others who participated in popchips game changers program  XIAOHANLANDREW  In 2012, Solo was one of 15 professional athletes including Shaun Phillips, Tim Lincecum, Ray Rice, and others who participated in Popchips' Game Changers program.
she made appearances at several charity events and money was donated to a local charity that she selected  XIAOHANLANDREW  She made appearances at several charity events and money was donated to a local charity that she selected.
in 2011 solo was a contestant on the 13th season of the dancing with the stars television series  XIAOHANLANDREW  In 2011, Solo was a contestant on the 13th season of the Dancing with the Stars television series.
her partner was maksim chmerkovskiy and they were eliminated in the semifinal round  XIAOHANLANDREW  Her partner was Maksim Chmerkovskiy and they were eliminated in the semifinal round.
solo has made appearances on the late show with david letterman piers morgan tonight late night with jimmy fallon the ellen degeneres show chelsea lately and whitney  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo has made appearances on The Late Show with David Letterman, Piers Morgan Tonight, Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, The Ellen DeGeneres Show, Chelsea Lately, and Whitney.
solo was the focus of an espn e60 episode in 2012  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo was the focus of an ESPN E:60 episode in 2012.
during her interview by jeremy schaap solo told of her experience at the 2007 world cup as well as her childhood  XIAOHANLANDREW  During her interview by Jeremy Schaap, Solo told of her experience at the 2007 World Cup as well as her childhood.
in 2013 solo was featured in the pbs documentary makers women who make america and espn documentary series nine for ix  XIAOHANLANDREW  In 2013, Solo was featured in the PBS documentary, Makers: Women Who Make America and ESPN documentary series, Nine for IX.
the nine for ix documentary branded in which solo appeared focused on the marketing of female professional athletes and the double standard that they often face with more value placed on beauty rather than their athletic excellence  XIAOHANLANDREW  The Nine for IX documentary, Branded, in which Solo appeared focused on the marketing of female professional athletes and the double standard that they often face with more value placed on beauty rather than their athletic excellence.
branded received the highest viewership of all of the documentaries in the series  XIAOHANLANDREW  Branded received the highest viewership of all of the documentaries in the series.
solo has been featured on the covers of fitness sports illustrated newsweek tv guide seattle metropolitan magazine and vogue  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo has been featured on the covers of Fitness, Sports Illustrated, Newsweek, TV Guide, Seattle Metropolitan Magazine, and Vogue.
in 2011 solo appeared nude in the body issue of espn the magazine  XIAOHANLANDREW  In 2011, Solo appeared nude in The Body Issue of ESPN The Magazine.
of the experience she said im an athletethats all solo am  XIAOHANLANDREW  Of the experience, she said, "I'm an athletethat's all Solo am.
if a sex symbol is now a top female athlete i think thats pretty amazing and it shows how far our country has come from the stickthin models from what you see in most magazines  XIAOHANLANDREW  If a sex symbol is now a top female athlete, I think that's pretty amazing and it shows how far our country has come from the stick-thin models, from what you see in most magazines."
on august 14 2012 after the london olympics solo released her autobiography solo a memoir of hope coauthored with sports columnist and commentator ann killion and published by harper collins  XIAOHANLANDREW  On August 14, 2012, after the London Olympics, Solo released her autobiography Solo: A Memoir of Hope co-authored with sports columnist and commentator Ann Killion and published by Harper Collins.
in her book solo provided her accounts of incidents with former us national coach greg ryan and her dancing with the stars partner maksim chmerkovskiy  XIAOHANLANDREW  In her book Solo provided her accounts of incidents with former U.S. national coach Greg Ryan, and her Dancing with the Stars' partner Maksim Chmerkovskiy.
solo recounted her integration into the us team with established players like mia hamm brandi chastain and julie foudy  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo recounted her integration into the U.S. team with established players like Mia Hamm, Brandi Chastain, and Julie Foudy.
solo also revealed details of her early life  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo also revealed details of her early life.
the autobiography debuted at number three on the new york times best seller list in the hardcover nonfiction categorythe highest ever for a book about soccer  XIAOHANLANDREW  The autobiography debuted at number three on The New York Times Best Seller list in the hardcover non-fiction categorythe highest ever for a book about soccer.
solo was featured along with her national teammates in the ea sports fifa video game series starting in fifa 16 the first time women players were included in the game  XIAOHANLANDREW  Solo was featured along with her national teammates in the EA Sports' FIFA video game series starting in FIFA 16, the first time women players were included in the game.
in september 2015 solo was ranked by ea sports as the 8 womens player in the game  XIAOHANLANDREW  In September 2015, Solo was ranked by EA Sports as the #8 women's player in the game.
following the united states win at the 2015 fifa womens world cup solo and her teammates became the first womens sports team to be honored with a ticker tape parade in new york city  XIAOHANLANDREW  Following the United States' win at the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup, Solo and her teammates became the first women's sports team to be honored with a Ticker Tape Parade in New York City.
each player received a key to the city from mayor bill de blasio  XIAOHANLANDREW  Each player received a key to the city from Mayor Bill de Blasio.
in october of the same year the team was honored by president barack obama at the white house  XIAOHANLANDREW  In October of the same year, the team was honored by President Barack Obama at the White House.
lisi clemente a  XIAOHANLANDREW  Lisi, Clemente A.
atlanta beat player profile  XIAOHANLANDREW  Atlanta Beat player profile
