GWhat does Iota Leonis appear to be?
GWhat was Leo?
GIs Tau Leonis a double star visible in binoculars?
BDid some mystic symbols add?
GIs Regulus a blue-white main-sequence star of magnitude 1.34?
GWhat is NGC 2903?
GWhat is Delta Leonis?
GWhat was USS Leonis?
GWhere does Terry Pratchett describe this Celtic art work?
GWhat has r Leonis?
GWhat was Bacchi Sidus?
GWhere is beta Leonis?
BWhat has it?
GAre there four stars of first or second magnitude?
GDid 2015 hobby astronomer evader from Germany discover a stunning `` realistic'' lion image in the stars around the Leo constellation?
GWhat is m66?
BWhere has NGC 2903 many `` hotspots''?
BDid modern astronomers excise a group of stars that once made up the `` tuft'' of the lion's tail and used them to form the new constellation Coma Berenices?
GWhat is Zeta Leonis?
GIs Leo home to one bright variable star?
GWhere was Leo identified as the Nemean Lion?
GWhat is Regulus?
GIs Epsilon Leonis a yellow giant of magnitude 3.0?
GDoes Iota Leonis appear to be a yellow-tinged star of magnitude 4.0?
GIs m105 about a degree away from the M95/M96 pair?
GDid 2015 hobby astronomer evader from Germany use a computer generated skymap that shows more stars then are usually visible?
BDid there describe officially as `` Aigle sur une Jument'' Eagle on a Mare?
BWhat is it?
GIs m95 a barred spiral galaxy?
BWhat is Leo also?
GAre m95 and M96 both spiral galaxies 20 million light-years from Earth?
GDoes Leo contain many bright stars?
GWhere is 35 Leonis?
GWhat has Rey suggested?
GWhat is Leo /lio/?
GWhat is m95?
BWhat is Leo commonly represented as if the sickle-shaped asterism of stars is?
GWhere is Gliese 436 orbited?
BWhere is it?
GWhat do Delta Leonis and beta Leonis form?
GWas USS Leonis a United States Navy Crater class cargo ship named after the Latin version of this constellation name?
GIs Leo /lio/ one of the constellations of the zodiac?
GIs Algieba a binary star with a third optical component?
BWhere did Hercules engage it?
GAre 35 Leonis divisible in small amateur telescopes at their widest?
GWhat did 2015 hobby astronomer evader from Germany discover?
GWhat is m105?
GWhat did 2015 hobby astronomer evader from Germany use?
GDoes r Leonis have a period of 310 days and a diameter of 450 solar diameters?
GIs Wolf 359 a red dwarf of magnitude 13.5?
BWhat is there an even more fascinating approach to the lion constellation image then?
GIs Leo commonly represented as if the sickle-shaped asterism of stars is the back of the Lion's head?
GAre both M65 and M66 visible in large binoculars or small telescopes?
GHas Rey suggested an alternative way to connect the stars?
GWhat is Tau Leonis?
GDoes Leo contain many bright galaxies?
GWhere did Hercules slip?
GWhat is Wolf 359?
GWhat do some mythologists believe that in Sumeria, Leo represented?
GDoes NGC 2903 have many `` hotspots''?
GWhat is Rhiannon or Epona?
GWhere are 35 Leonis divisible in small amateur telescopes?
GIs Gliese 436 orbited by a transiting Neptune-mass extrasolar planet?
GIs m66 a spiral galaxy that is part of the Leo Triplet?
GWhat is Iota Leonis?
BWhere is Leo also home?
GIs Leo home to some of the largest structures in the observable universe?
GWhere are both M65 and M66 visible?
GWhat does Leo contain?
GWhat is beta Leonis?
GWhat had Regulus?
GIs there an even more fascinating approach to the lion constellation image then the one given in the diagram to the right?
GIs Iota Leonis a binary star divisible in medium amateur telescopes?
GIs Delta Leonis a blue-white star of magnitude 2.58?
GDid Regulus have distinctly regal associations?
GWhere does Iota Leonis appear to be a yellow-tinged star of magnitude 4.0?
GIs 54 Leonis a binary star 289 light-years from Earth?
BWhere did Hercules catch it?
GWhat did modern astronomers excise?
GWhat are Messier 65?
GWhat is 54 Leonis?
BWas Bacchi Sidus another of its titles?
BWhat did Manilius call it?
GWhat do theta Leonis and rho Leonis form?
GIs NGC 2903 a barred spiral galaxy discovered by William Herschel in 1784?
GWhat is Algieba?
GWhat do delta Leonis form?
BWhat are there?
GWhat is Epsilon Leonis?
GWhat has NGC 2903?
GIs Zeta Leonis an optical triple star?
GDid Dempsey score to put the USA up 20 to send them to the finals?
GWhen did Dempsey score against West Ham United past Robert Green?
GWhen did Dempsey sign a contract extension to remain with Fulham through 2013?
BWhen did Dempsey score a brace in the first leg of Fulham's 201112 Europa League play-off clash against Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk?
GWas Dempsey granted a work permit from the Home Office as Fulham announced his signing on a long-term deal?
BWhen did Dempsey replace Bobby Zamora in the 55th minute of the 2010 UEFA Europa League Final?
GDid Dempsey have to quit due to his family's time and money constraints as his eldest sister Jennifer was becoming a ranked youth tennis player?
GWhat is one of Dempsey's passions outside of soccer?
GIs Clinton Drew Dempsey /dmpsi/ an American professional soccer player?
BWhen did Dempsey's disallow goal later in the tournament against Algeria?
GWhen did La Gazzetta dello Sport name Dempsey as one of the top eleven Premier League players of the season?
GWhere did Dempsey play a key role?
GWhat did Dempsey sign?
GWhere did Dempsey replace Zoltan Gera?
BWhen did Dempsey score an equalizing goal on 56 minutes with a header against Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park in the 11 draw to continue Fulham's unbeaten record in the Barclays Premier League?
GWhen was Dempsey not in the starting XI for the first three matches?
BWhat was Dempsey unable to make?
GDid Dempsey score both U.S. goals in a 21 group stage win over Honduras at the Toyota Stadium in his native Texas?
BWhen was Dempsey named?
BWhere did Dempsey score to put the USA up 20 to send them?
GWhen did Dempsey score another double versus Stoke City?
BWas Dempsey n't punished for the incident as referee Martin Atkinson did n't report it to The Football Association?
GWhere did Dempsey record a goal?
GIs Dempsey a Roman Catholic?
BWhere did Dempsey score against Ghana 29 seconds?
GDid Dempsey join Tottenham Hotspur on a three-year contract for a fee believed to be in the region of $ 9 million?
GDid Dempsey score against Ghana 29 seconds into the group play match?
GWhere did Dempsey score in his third straight game in the Confederations Cup Final?
GWhen did Dempsey score a trademark diving header off a Jonathan Spector cross?
GIs Dempsey a fisherman?
GWhen was Dempsey granted a work permit from the Home Office as Fulham announced his signing on a long-term deal?
BDid New England Revolution start 23 of 24 matches scoring seven goals?
GIs Dempsey of Irish descent on his father's side?
GDid Dempsey add an assist while playing against Stoke City to help Spurs win 21 and keep them in contention for the fourth Champions League spot?
GWhat did Dempsey add?
GWhere did Dempsey join Tottenham Hotspur?
GWhere did Dempsey score?
GHas Dempsey frequently lined up as a striker due to his scoring threat and aerial ability?
GWhen did Dempsey sign with MLS club Seattle Sounders FC as a Designated Player on a four-year contract?
GWhere did Dempsey score to put the USA up 20 to send them to the finals?
GWhat did Dempsey score?
GWas Dempsey drafted by Major League Soccer club New England Revolution?
BWhere did New England Revolution start 23 of 24 matches scoring seven goals?
BWhat had Dempsey to quit due to his family's time and money constraints as his eldest sister Jennifer was becoming?
GDid Fulham come from a goal down to beat Manchester City 31 away from home as Dempsey scored two goals on April 12?
GDid Dempsey become another American addition to a Cottagers' squad?
GWhat did Fulham lose?
BDid Dempsey return?
GDid Dempsey sign with MLS club Seattle Sounders FC as a Designated Player on a four-year contract?
GWhere did Dempsey score two goals against Germany?
GDid Dempsey play for one of the top youth soccer clubs in the state before playing for Furman University's men's soccer team?
GWhen did Dempsey suffer a suspected cruciate knee ligament injury in a 20 away defeat to Blackburn Rovers?
GWhen did Dempsey score both U.S. goals?
GWhat did Dempsey study?
GWhen did Fulham come from a goal down to beat Manchester City 31 away from home as Dempsey scored two goals?
BWhen did Dempsey score two goals against FC Basel in the second leg of the Europa League quarter-finals to send the match into extra time?
BWhen was Dempsey heartbroken when the news came to Nacogdoches that Maradona would not be playing?
BWhat did New England Revolution start 23 of 24 matches scoring?
GDid Dempsey receive 237 points in voting by 207 sports journalists to claim the award?
GWhat did Fulham manager Martin Jol reveal that the club had opened?
GDid Jurgen Klinsmann give Michael Bradley the captain's armband?
GIs Dempsey married to Bethany Keegan Dempsey?
GWhere did Dempsey's third and fourth goals score a double?
GDid Dempsey score an equalizing goal on 56 minutes with a header against Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park in the 11 draw to continue Fulham's unbeaten record in the Barclays Premier League?
GDid Dempsey score a brace in the first leg of Fulham's 201112 Europa League play-off clash against Dnipro Dnipropetrovsk at Craven Cottage?
GWhen did Dempsey go for a trial at KS oma?
GWhen did Dempsey score two goals against Germany in a 43 win?
GHas Dempsey earned over 100 caps and scored 48 international goals?
GWhat has Clint Dempsey scored?
GWhen did Clint Dempsey score 12 goals for Fulham?
BWhat did Dempsey come off?
BDid Dempsey become a standout on the team at an early age?
GHas Clinton Drew Dempsey /dmpsi/ played for New England Revolution?
BDid Dempsey re-signed with Fulham on a two-month loan?
GWas Dempsey born in Nacogdoches?
BWhere did Dempsey score two goals against FC Basel in the second leg of the Europa League quarter-finals to send the match?
GDid Clint Dempsey score 12 goals for Fulham in the 201011 season?
BDid Dempsey end with two goals as Fulham ran out 30 winners, setting up a comfortable second leg in Ukraine?
GWhere did Dempsey score twice?
GWhat did Jurgen Klinsmann give Michael Bradley?
GWhere was Dempsey born?
GDid Dempsey sign a contract extension to remain with Fulham through 2013?
GWhen was Dempsey involved in an aerial collision with John Terry?
GDid La Gazzetta dello Sport name Dempsey as one of the top eleven Premier League players of the season?
BWhat did Dempsey go on to suffer a broken nose midway through the first half as the United States defeated?
GWhen was Dempsey able to salvage a dramatic 11 draw for Spurs?
GWhere did Dempsey miss significant time?
GDid Dempsey score two goals against Germany in a 43 win?
GWas Dempsey's first international tournament the United States' victorious 2005 CONCACAF Gold Cup campaign?
BWhat have Dempsey?
GDid Dempsey miss significant time in the playoffs due to injury?
GDid Fulham beat Portsmouth 10 on the final day of the season to secure Premier League status for another year?
GWhen was Dempsey named as captain of the 23 man United States squad ahead of the FIFA World Cup?
BWhen did Dempsey re-signed with Fulham on a two-month loan?
BWhat did Dempsey experience?
BDid Dempsey's disallow goal later in the tournament against Algeria in the group stage?
GDid New England Revolution select Clint Dempsey eighth overall in the 2004 MLS SuperDraft?
GDid Dempsey add 8 more goals?
GWhen did Dempsey join Tottenham Hotspur on a three-year contract for a fee believed to be in the region of $ 9 million?
GWhat did Dempsey score an equalizing goal on 56 minutes with a header against Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park in the 11 draw to continue?
GDid Dempsey finish fourth on the FWA Footballer of the Year list behind the winner?
GWhen did Dempsey score in the 85th minute to secure a 10 win against Liverpool at Craven Cottage?
GWas Dempsey able to salvage a dramatic 11 draw for Spurs by slotting home a pass from Aaron Lennon in the 93rd minute?
GDid Dempsey score during Fulham's 31 home win over Reading to secure just a second league win of the season?
GWhen did Fulham manager Martin Jol reveal that the club had opened talks with the North American over a new three-year contract?
GWhen did Dempsey play a key role in helping the United States advance to the final?
GIs one of Dempsey's passions outside of soccer hip hop music?
GDid Fulham manager Martin Jol reveal that the club had opened talks with the North American over a new three-year contract?
GHas Clint Dempsey scored a total of 33 goals for the team in the Premier League?
GDid Dempsey replace Bobby Zamora in the 55th minute of the 2010 UEFA Europa League Final?
GWhen did Fulham announce Dempsey had signed a contract extension?
GDid Dempsey experience a dip in form leading some to doubt his first-choice status with the national team?
GWhere is Dempsey of Irish descent?
GWhat was Dempsey's first international tournament?
GWhat did Fulham win?
GWhen did Dempsey score during Fulham's 31 home win over Reading to secure just a second league win of the season?
GDid Clint Dempsey break Fulham's Premier League goalscoring record by netting twice in a 30 victory over Bolton on April 27?
GWhen did Fulham confirm Dempsey's transfer to Tottenham Hotspur?
BWhat did Dempsey end with two goals as Fulham ran out 30 winners, setting up?
GWhen did Dempsey play for one of the top youth soccer clubs in the state?
GDid Dempsey go for a trial at KS oma?
BWhere did Dempsey attend Furman University?
BWhat did Dempsey make?
BWhat is Dempsey?
GWhen did Dempsey add 8 more goals?
GWhere were Dempsey's third and fourth goals scored against Everton?
GWhen did Dempsey come off the bench against Juventus in their second-leg in the Europa League?
BWhat do Dempsey earn?
GWhere was Dempsey honored?
GWhen did Clint Dempsey break Fulham's Premier League goalscoring record?
BWhere does nine assist?
GWhere did Dempsey receive 237 points?
GDid Dempsey play a key role in helping the United States advance to the final?
GDid Dempsey score another double versus Stoke City?
BWere Dempsey's third and fourth goals scored against Everton in an eventual 21 loss and a deflected effort against Reading on New Year's Day to help his Spurs side win 31?
GWas Dempsey called offside?
GWhen was Dempsey named to the US roster for the 2006 World Cup in Germany?
GWhen did Dempsey score against Ghana 29 seconds into the group play match?
BWhere is Dempsey married?
GDid Fulham confirm Dempsey's transfer to Tottenham Hotspur?
GWhen was Dempsey involved in an aerial collision with John Terry during a 00 draw at Stamford Bridge?
GDid Dempsey play for Premier League team Fulham?
GWas Dempsey sent off for ripping up referee Daniel Radford's notebook in protest at the dismissal of Michael Azira?
BDoes nine assist in 26 games?
GWhere did Dempsey go for a trial?
GDid Dempsey replace Zoltan Gera in the side?
GDid Dempsey score two goals against FC Basel in the second leg of the Europa League quarter-finals to send the match into extra time?
GWhere has Dempsey spoken?
BDid Dempsey become a regular starter to do so?
GWhen did Dempsey play for the United States national team?
GWas Dempsey voted Fulham player of the season for 201011 by the Fulham fans?
GWho did New England Revolution select?
GDid Dempsey come on as a substitute in the MLS Cup Final?
BWhere did Dempsey complete 72 minutes of their away loss to Manchester United?
GWhat was Dempsey named?
GWhere has Dempsey frequently lined up?
GDid Dempsey score a trademark diving header off a Jonathan Spector cross?
BWhat was Dempsey also present as the United States defended their title at the 2007 Gold Cup, again scoring?
GWhere did Dempsey score a trademark diving header?
BWhere do Dempsey redirect Landon Donovan's pass?
GWhat did Fulham confirm?
GWas Dempsey unable to make an impression against his old club on March 17?
GWhat did Dempsey become?
GWhere was Dempsey sent off?
GWhat has Dempsey earned over 100 caps and scored?
GWhen did Dempsey play for Premier League team Fulham?
GDid Fulham announce Dempsey had signed a contract extension?
GDid Dempsey go on to suffer a broken nose midway through the first half as the United States defeated Ghana 21?
GDid Dempsey record a goal in a 20 win over Canada?
GWhere did Dempsey finish fourth?
GDid Dempsey score against West Ham United past Robert Green?
GWhat is Clinton Drew Dempsey /dmpsi/?
GWhere was Dempsey named?
GDid Dempsey score a looping header against Leeds United at Elland Road?
GDid Dempsey score a long range goal?
GWhen did Jurgen Klinsmann give Michael Bradley the captain's armband?
BWhat was there?
GWhen was Dempsey drafted by Major League Soccer club New England Revolution?
GWas Dempsey named as captain of the 23 man United States squad ahead of the FIFA World Cup?
GWhere did Dempsey suffer a suspected cruciate knee ligament injury?
GWhen did Dempsey score both U.S. goals in a 21 group stage win over Honduras at the Toyota Stadium in his native Texas?
GWhen did Dempsey score in the 85th minute to secure a 10 win against Liverpool?
GWhen did Dempsey replace Bobby Zamora?
GWhere did Dempsey score a looping header against Leeds United?
GWhen did Dempsey return?
GWhen did Dempsey take part?
GDid Dempsey suffer a suspected cruciate knee ligament injury in a 20 away defeat to Blackburn Rovers?
BWhat did Dempsey go on to be?
BWhere was Dempsey n't punished for the incident as referee Martin Atkinson did n't report it?
BWhere did Dempsey come on?
BWhat do Dempsey net?
BWhat do Dempsey want to do right, not make mistakes, and live?
GWas Dempsey involved in an aerial collision with John Terry during a 00 draw at Stamford Bridge?
GHas Dempsey made a return to form?
GWhat did Fulham announce Dempsey had signed?
GWhen did Dempsey appear in the Seattle squad to face Sporting Kansas City?
GWhere would Dempsey eventually score 25 goals?
GDid Dempsey end as Fulham's top Premier League goalscorer joint with Andrew Johnson with seven goals?
GWhen did Dempsey score a long range goal?
GDid Dempsey's third and fourth goals score a double against Coventry City?
GWhere did La Gazzetta dello Sport name Dempsey?
GWhat was Dempsey called?
GWhat did Dempsey strike?
GWhere did Dempsey add an assist?
GDid Dempsey go on to be the captain and high scorer of the Texans?
BWhat was it?
BWhen was Dempsey?
GDid Dempsey attend Furman University as a health and exercise science major and a key player for Paladins soccer?
BWhen did Dempsey score?
GDid Dempsey score twice in the West London derby against Chelsea?
GWhat are some elements of Norse influence that persist in all English varieties today?
BWhen do most think a more likely outcome is that English will continue to function as a koineised language?
GDoes jamaican English differ from RP in its vowel inventory?
GWhat do passive constructions use?
GDid Norse features spread from there into English varieties that had not been in intense contact with Norse speakers?
BWhere is use of English growing country-by-country internally and?
GHas English borrowed many words directly from Latin?
GWhere is rhoticity dominant?
GWhat does English use?
BWhat is there?
GWhen is English used?
BWhat was it?
GAre Australian and New Zealand English most closely related to British English?
BIs today spoken primarily by working- and middle-class African Americans largely non-rhotic and likely originated among enslaved Africans and African Americans influenced primarily by the non-rhotic spoken by whites in the Old South?
GHas English replaced German as the dominant language of scientific research?
GWhere do many speakers use -s also?
GWhat do auxiliary verbs such as have and be form?
BWas norse influence strongest in the Northeastern varieties of Old English spoken in the Danelaw area around York?
GHas English been written in a Latin alphabet?
GIs Today Irish English divided into Ulster English and southern Hiberno-English?
GWhat is SAE?
BWhat does such instruction reduce?
GWas English more widely spoken and written than any language has ever been?
GWhat does English tend to use?
BWhat do grammatical rules require Do the same know?
BWhat have some conservative varieties like Scottish English?
GWhere was early Modern English characterised?
GHave further complications arisen through sound changes?
BWhere did modern English spread around the world from the 17th to mid-20th centuries?
GDoes GA not have long vowels?
BWhat does English make?
BAre locals often fluent both in the local English variety?
GWill many statements published before the end of the 20th century about the growth of English vocabulary over time have to be corrected as new computerised analysis of linguistic corpus data becomes available?
GHas AAVE often been stigmatised as a form of `` broken'' or `` uneducated'' English?
GDoes modern English rely on auxiliary verbs and word order for the expression of complex tenses?
GWhere does jamaican English differ?
GWhat are prepositional phrases?
GWhere are non-native varieties of English widely used?
GWhere is an exception found?
GWhere does english syntax rely on auxiliary verbs?
GIs knowledge of English as a second language nearly universal?
GAre examples of phrasal verbs to get up, to ask out, to back up, to give up, to get together, to hang out, to put up with?
GDoes Indian English tend to take RP as its ideal?
GCan topic and focus be established through syntactic dislocation?
BWhat are there also?
GAre dubbed films and television programmes an especially fruitful source of English influence on languages in Europe?
GDid 359 million people speak English as their first language?
BWhere do anaphorical pronouns such as that refer back to an entity already mentioned or assumed by the speaker to be known by the audience?
GIs English a pluricentric language?
BWhere do interrogative pronouns occur in a fronted position before the subject-verb compound, regardless?
GIs rhoticity dominant?
GWhat are other changes affecting the phonology of local varieties?
BDid English do not use the word `` do'' as a general auxiliary as Modern English does?
BWhat have some adjectives?
GWhat do consonant differences include?
GWhat do french words from various periods of the development of French make up?
BHas a process of lexical attrition led most of this variation to disappear?
GIs there a subjunctive and an imperative mood?
BWhat are word final consonant clusters simplified so that `` child'' is pronounced?
GDoes English continue to be an official language of India?
BAre many adverbs derived from adjectives with the suffix -ly, but not all?
BWhen is English generally described?
GAre common nouns in turn divided into concrete and abstract nouns, and grammatically into count nouns and mass nouns?
GDid most African Americans settle in the inner cities of the North?
GHave a number of chain shifts such as the Northern Cities Vowel Shift and Canadian Shift produced very different vowel landscapes in some regional accents?
GAre quantifiers used to specify the noun in terms of quantity or number?
GWhat is English?
GAre some shared features of Germanic languages the use of modal verbs?
GDid English begin to rise in prestige during the reign of Henry V. Around 1430?
GWhere are most phonological differences from RP?
GIs English unusual among world languages in how many of its users are not native speakers but speakers of English as a second or foreign language?
GHas English been spoken in Oceania?
GCan a syllable start with up to three consonant sounds and end with up to four?
GIs English not a divided language?
GWhat have some scholars argued that English can be considered?
GWere dialect traits even used for effect by authors such as Chaucer?
GDoes modern English have little inflection compared with many other languages?
GIs English widely used in media and literature?
GWhere are newsreader scripts also composed?
GWhat have many speakers of English in Africa become?
GDid Middle English begin in the late 11th century with the Norman conquest of England?
GDoes English not belong to just one country?
GWhat does English distinguish?
GWhere is English characterised?
GIs American dialect variation increasing?
GDid dutch zingen develop independently of the continental Germanic languages and their influences?
BWhere are locals often fluent both?
GWhere has English been spoken since 1820?
BWhere are english based creoles spoken in on the Caribbean coasts of Nicaragua and Panama?
GIs Middle English often arbitrarily defined as beginning with the conquest of England by William the Conqueror in 1066?
GWhat do most English dialects share?
GWhere do varieties of English vary the most?
GWhere was word order much freer?
GAre earlier Old English texts in Anglo-Saxon runes only short inscriptions?
BWhere has Modern English case forms?
GWhere is vowel length an important cue as to whether the following consonant is lenis or fortis?
BWhat are discourse markers often?
BWhen has modern English little inflection?
BDid and a htdog versus a ht dg?
GWhere is English spoken?
GDid modern English develop mainly from Mercian?
BWhere do Noah Webster publish the American Dictionary of the English language in an effort to establish a norm for speaking and writing American English that was independent from the British standard?
GWhat has GA?
BAre english dialects classified as rhotic or non-rhotic depending on whether RP elide /r/ like RP or keep it like GA?
GWhere has English also borrowed many words directly?